hey you know what it's been proven that
problem solvers are more likely to win
in difficult situations ready to test if
you're one of those smarty pants 'as you
get one point for each unscrambled
riddle how many can you answer a real
sister Amy 120 million dollars in the
lottery the night after she had received
the money she stayed in the most
expensive hotel and made a video it was
about her life and how she hadn't seen
her sisters in childhood the next day
three girls showed up claiming to be her
sister
all of them look so much alike but which
one tells the truth it's the lady on the
right she has the same mole as Amy on
her cheek a tattoo with the letter A and
a tattoo with two girls holding hands
the missing luggage a businessman was
about to go through a security check at
the airport when he realized someone had
taken his luggage
the airport police had three suspects
who had to be interviewed Lisa said I
wouldn't take someone's old brown bag I
have my own Mike explained he was a
light traveller and didn't have luggage
people had everything in his backpack
Rob had a broken arm and a sprained
ankle he could hardly carry anything the
police immediately knew who had done it
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was Lisa nobody told her the luggage
was brown the next stop one day the
amethyst jewelry store owner called the
police he reported that somebody had
taken all his expensive diamonds the
detectives knew someone in the town had
been doing it for a while now they were
going to catch this person red-handed
the stores with the missing jewelry work
Alvaro's Antonio's acqua rings amethyst
there are five more jewelry stores in
the town which one's going to be the
next arts jewels all the targeted stores
start with the letter A where did the
test go
mrs. Kim called the school principal to
report someone had taken her students
tests she added that she had noticed
someone come in wearing school clothes
gloves and a red mask this person also
had three star tattoos on their fingers
the principal didn't believe her why
[Music]
she said the person was wearing gloves
then how did she see three star tattoos
on their fingers a construction site
accident
the art museum owner was visiting the
construction site to see the progress at
some point he left his briefcase with
important documents on the table some
worker grabbed it and ran away
the museum owner didn't see who it was
but he immediately called the police
there were you guessed it three suspects
the architect said he had been talking
on the phone trying to get electricity
for the site as there was not the
manager told the police he had been
teaching his staff to work as a team the
electrician explained that he had been
down in the basement trying to fix a
broken lamp
the detectives figured out who was lying
can you
[Music]
it was the electrician there was no
electricity at the construction site
what happened to prom king
soon after bob became king on the prom
night he vanished
his teachers were looking for him
everywhere they believed there were
three people who could be behind his
disappearance
Bob's rival Jo said he had been dancing
all night with his girlfriend and hadn't
seen Bob
Bob's classmate Dennis claimed that he
hadn't been feeling well so he spent all
night in the lounge
Laura Bob's secret admirer
said she had been counting the votes for
the election the teachers knew who was
behind the disappearance right away
[Music]
it was Laura Bob had already become prom
king she didn't need to count the votes
how to escape Jane was on a hike when
she decided to cross a bridge to admire
the view though when she was in the
middle of the bridge she heard something
moving behind her she turned and saw a
huge hungry tiger waiting for her she
turned to the other side there were
giant snakes the water to her left was
filled with hungry crocodiles where
should she go to survive she should jump
into the lake on her right all the
crocodiles are on the left side they can
a strange discovery one day detective
Morris was patrolling a local park as
soon as he entered he saw several bags
with sand he kept walking and soon came
across a picnic basket and binoculars a
few feet further he saw some items of
clothing and a large colorful sheet
there was also an unconscious man lying
on the ground the detective immediately
figured out what had happened can you
[Music]
the man was flying in a hot-air balloon
when it started to lose altitude he
tried to make the balloon lighter but
his attempt was unsuccessful a Los
photographer Alan was on a mission to
take some nature pics for his blog as he
was walking through the forest he fell
into a deep pit he tried to climb out of
it but when he held onto one rock it
gave way and water started to pour
inside the pit was filling fast
Alan saw a deflated ball an empty barrel
and a piece of wooden board what should
he use to get out of the pit
[Music]
the deflated ball is too small and has a
slit in its side the wooden board
wouldn't support his way the best option
is the empty barrel
it'll keep Allan a flow touring the
pyramids Mike was an archaeologist who
went to the pyramids to study ancient
writings when the man was walking deeper
and deeper into one to the pyramids he
got lost Mike came across three doors
that could lead him back to the main
hall but there was a trap behind each of
them the first one hit a mine field
behind the second there were three
hungry crocodiles if Mike open the third
door he would see bones shooting arrows
two feet above the ground which is the
safest exit
the last door my can crawl under the
Arabs and head the safety or he could
just turned into a waterfowl and a
distressing trip Scott and Mary were on
vacation one day Mary told Scott she
couldn't go to the beach with him
because she was feeling unwell when
Scott came back to the room to grab his
phone Mary was gone he found her by the
pool and asked are you alone here she
nodded but Scott immediately realized
she was lying
Wow
[Applause]
there were two drinks on her table and
two fruit platters who's the liar Joanna
and Josh were on their honeymoon on the
first day they went sightseeing and left
all their stuff in the hotel room when
they came back someone was standing
outside their door trying to get in the
couple called the receptionist right
away but the man claimed Joanna and Josh
owed him some money for the tours they'd
taken in the past four days
the receptionist knew the man was lying
right away how did he figure it out it
was the couple's first day in the hotel
who's the smartest in the class that's
easy I am one day the school principal
came to mrs. Julia's class to check who
was the smartest student he gave each of
the students a glass bottle with a
wooden stick inside he told them the
first person to get the stick out would
get a scholarship there were two rules
the students couldn't remove the cork
and they couldn't break the glass after
a few seconds
Jake had the answer can you guess it
[Music]
he pushed the cork inside the bottle
flipped it upside down and shook the
stick out the correct envelope ana
majored in accounting at university her
roommates wanted to test her
intelligence they took three envelopes
and wrote some questions on them then
they put the answers to end his exam
questions in one of the envelopes only
one envelope had a truthful message
written on it the other two were false
Ana wasn't allowed to open the envelopes
and could only pick one
the first message read there are no exam
answers here the second was the exam
answers are here and the third message
read the exam answers aren't in the
second envelope which envelope should
Ana pick
[Music]
the third one it tells the truth which
means the exam answers are in the first
envelope let's see your results if you
got one to four points you need to watch
more riddle videos to improve your
skills if you have 5 to 9 points you're
halfway there
just try to concentrate on little
details if you've solved 10 to 14
riddles
you're a true Brightside detective